Lu Ran and Jing finished dunking and passed the blood flow,
Still took it with me.
But you can only plan to let him go like this,
Otherwise, kill him.
I don't know anything about breaking the law, and I have made a lot of peace with it.
In this case, he will definitely protect the people of the country even more.
Come on, he actually wanted to die,
Then, die.
But the top priority now is the first-level condition,
Students arrive. The student committee member went to change the computer to introduce it,
I'll be at Dali's house tonight.
Where's Shi Ping? I'm preparing to discuss this matter with you.
Yes, I've found it.
You remember.
Look at me, right. Even if I am a hundred generations old, I would not dare to look at you. Your Majesty goes
I'm far from the dead sea
I called in front of me
But not a thousand
But it can cost ten thousand
Dad, I'm going right now
Experience the Dead Sea
blood in blood ring
I killed his parents
Please come back and kill him together.
I'm going to make this sheep paste for tweed this time
You have thorough battlefield service with
We are looking for his masters abroad
All have arrived today, Dad
We will definitely succeed this time
The old man pretends to be dead
As long as you see the Dead Sea
Waiting is a family and history
They all belong to our father and son.
Where to escape to the Dead Sea
I must let those four
Martial arts is for everyone